Add 'Electrophysiology' page. (#55)
neuroinformatics-unit/HowTo: docs/source/behav_at_swc/index.md

> # Behaviour at the SWC

Reviewer: Not part of this PR, but I think we should remove the "at the SWC" bits. It gets repetitive, and the homepage states:
> The information is primarily aimed at researchers at the [Sainsbury Wellcome Centre (SWC)](https://www.sainsburywellcome.org/web/) and [Gatsby Computational Neuroscience Unit (GCNU)](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/gatsby/gatsby-computational-neuroscience-unit)

```suggestion
# Behaviour
```

# Behaviour at the SWC

> Guides related to the analysis of neuroscientific data, spanning a wide range of data types such as electrophysiology, behaviour, calcium imaging, histology, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guides related to the analysis of behavioural data.
```
